feat(docs): update use-on-error documentation (#4234)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/auth/useOnError.md

---

:::caution
This hook can only be used if the [`authProvider`][auth-provider] is provided.
:::

`useOnError` calls the [`onError`][on-error] method from the [`authProvider`][auth-provider] under the hood.

> It returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://react-query.tanstack.com/reference/useMutation), which includes many properties like `isSuccess` and `isError`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the link be "https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/react/reference/useMutation" ? This one just takes you to the start up page

> It returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://react-query.tanstack.com/reference/useMutation), which includes many properties like `isSuccess` and `isError`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/react/reference/useMutation), which includes many properties like `isSuccess` and `isError`.
```

> It returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://react-query.tanstack.com/reference/useMutation) which includes many properties, some of which being `isSuccess` and `isError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://react-query.tanstack.com/reference/useMutation), which includes many properties like `isSuccess` and `isError`.
```
A generally shortened version like

`useOnError` calls the [`onError`][on-error] method from the [`authProvider`][auth-provider] under the hood, which returns the result of `react-query`'s [useMutation](https://react-query.tanstack.com/reference/useMutation) that has many properties like `isSuccess` and `isError`.

could also be good for this, i reckon.

> Data that is resolved from the [`onError`][on-error] will be returned as the `data` in the query result with the following type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data that is resolved from the [`onError`][on-error] hook will be returned as the `data` in the query result with the following type:
```
removing "the" and not adding hook would also be okay, though i think this is better.

};
```

According to the `onError` method's returned values, the following process will be executed:

-   `redirectTo`: If has a value, the app will be redirected to the given URL.
-   `logout`: If is `true`, `useOnError` calls the `logout` method.
-   `error`: An Error object representing any errors that may have occurred during the operation.

## Internal Usage

**refine** uses `useOnError` internally in the data hooks to handle errors in a unified way.

[Refer to Data Provider documentation for more information about data hooks. → ](/docs/api-reference/core/providers/data-provider/#supported-hooks)

> When an error is thrown by any data hook, the `useOnError` function is triggered with the error object. Afterward, the error object is passed to the [`onError`][on-error] method of the [`authProvider`][auth-provider]. This error object can be utilized to redirect the user to the login page or to log them out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an error is thrown by any data hook, the `useOnError` function is triggered with the error object. Afterward, the error object is passed to the [`onError`][on-error] method of the [`authProvider`][auth-provider]. This error object can be utilized to redirect the user or to log them out.
```
